annot: Boil some chickpea with water, dry mango pieces tea bags, and salt
ACTID: 0
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] some chickpea (-1), water (-1), dry mango pieces (-1), tea bags (-1), salt (-1)
annot: Blend some chopped red onion and green chili in a food processor
ACTID: 1
PRED: blend
[DOBJ, food] some chopped red onion (-1), green chili (-1)
[PP, location, in] a food processor (-1)
annot: Add cinnamon, cardamon and garlic cloves to a pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cinnamon (-1), cardamon (-1), garlic cloves (-1)
[PP, location, to] a pan (-1)
annot: Add the grinded mixture in it
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the grinded mixture (1)
[PP, food, in] it (2)
annot: Cook the stuff in the pan by stirring
ACTID: 4
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the stuff in the pan (3)
annot: Add garlic paste, ginger paste, tomato puree to the pan
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] garlic paste (-1), ginger paste (-1), tomato puree (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (4)
annot: cut some ginger into juliennes
ACTID: 6
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] some ginger (-1)
[PP, other, into] juliennes (-1)
annot: Chop some green chillies
ACTID: 7
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some green chillies (-1)
annot: remove the seeds
ACTID: 8
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the seeds (7)
annot: Add red chili powder, chole masala, cumin powder and salt to the pan
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] red chili powder (-1), chole masala (-1), cumin powder (-1), salt (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (5)
annot: Add some chickpeas to the mixture until they are well boiled
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some chickpeas (0)
[PP, food, to] the mixture (9)
annot: heat butter, carom seeds, chopped ginger, green chillies
ACTID: 11
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1), carom seeds (-1), chopped ginger (6), green chillies (8)
annot: add them to the mixture to serve
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] them (11)
[PP, food, to] the mixture (10)